- [Arun] Thanks for watching this course.
If you want to learn more,
here are some links for you to refer to.
Amazon Corretto is a no-cost, multi-platform,
long-term supported, downstream distribution
of OpenJDK by Amazon.
You can use it on desktop, on-prem, and in the cloud.
It is also available as a Docker image,
and very convenient to get started with.
Docker.io is your primary resource
on how to package your applications as Docker image
and run them as containers.
Kubernetes releases are available
every three to four months,
and new features are constantly getting added,
and API versions of the resources keep getting updated.
It is always recommended to refer
to kubernetes.io for the definitive docs.
Learn everything about Istio Service Mesh
on istio.io.
Another area to watch
in Service Mesh space is AWS App Mesh.
This is a managed service mesh recently introduced
by Amazon.
More than 50% of Kubernetes runs on AWS Cloud.
Amazon EKS is Amazon's managed Kubernetes service.
You can find everything about it
at aws.amazon.eks.
If you want to learn more
about how to use EKS more effectively,
then eksworkshop.com is a self-based hands-on workshop
that'll get you started.
I hope you really enjoyed the course.
I also hope this course gets you ready
to take your Java skills
and apply them to Kubernetes with ease.